docs: add wildcard examples to messages (#717)
salesforcecli/plugin-deploy-retrieve: messages/deploy.metadata.md

      <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --metadata ApexClass:MyApexClass

> - Deploy specific Apex classes that match a pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy specific Apex classes that match a pattern; in this example, deploy Apex classes whose names start with the string `MyApex`:
```

      <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --metadata 'ApexClass:MyApex\*'

>       this will deploy all Apex classes, that exist locally, that start with MyApex

Reviewer: Remove this line because I added it to the beginning description.  I think it looks weird if you add text here.

# flags.metadata.summary

> Metadata component names to deploy. Can be specified with a quoted \*, e.g. 'ApexClass:MyClass\*'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metadata component names to deploy. Wildcards (\*) supported as long as you use quotes, such as 'ApexClass:MyClass\*'
```
